hey guys is Kim here as a judge in Xbox
is the one competition it is my pleasure
to announce that the competition has now
closed thank you for submissions into my
category the one fails here are the
winners congratulations you utter
failures in no particular order we kick
things off with Nathan Lee Jones who
shows us this moment of spectacular derp
watchdogs next and if you're going to
invade someone's game you might want to
be a bit less obvious about it
to tighten for now and we learn why you
should always watch where you put your
feet
it's battlefield now and while I am site
is so close to greatness it's a real
battle of man versus machine
after the football and here's a failure
that was so almost an epic win you can
just about here as that all whistles
over the goalkeepers head
cadee here demonstrates why you
shouldn't be distracted by what on earth
this guy's doing and pay more attention
to your surroundings
an impressive half fail half win here
where impregnated cow shows a little bit
of cheek excellent job ghosts get ready
for the next round on two dead rising 3
and now you'll understand why you should
take your cars for regular mo tease in
at number two why height isn't always a
great thing back to battlefield and mog
squeaky demonstrates a double fail
Oh